this is better than my imagination this
is a dream come true
there's a great school it's getting on
my nerves could I borrow this this
photon beam is still very unpredictable
I tried increasing the frequency
lowering the modulation output you try
keeping it yet that's next
seems to affect different things in
different ways I'll say
I'm your greatest experiment living
proof of your unique genius thank you
of course it'll never get you the Nobel
Prize since we can't tell anyone I've
had all I'm gonna take listen lugnut
you left some humongous contraption out
on the side while you're here now what's
the problem
very funny I'm referring to that big
stupid thing that's blocking the
sidewalk you're talking about my
industrial ion vacuum it didn't quite
work out big surprise huh and while I'm
here missus shell and boss let me be
frank I am not exactly enamored of these
constant interruptions of my work nor am
i thrilled with your misdirected
sprinkler system which sprays water in
my window on one occasion shorting out a
bank of circuit boards what's up I
propose a truce
mrs. Shimon Bach we both have every
reason to be dissatisfied with the
behavior of the other why don't we try
to be better neighbors what's in it for
me a happy peaceful home life and a good
feeling in your heart what else you have
a deal or not mrs. Ellen Bach all right
we'll see how long you last
my backyard and to think I almost didn't
drop by
that's my neighbor he's a little
eccentric actually he's much worse than
that but we're trying to get along so
don't get me started so I hear you're an
eccentric well I guess I suppose you
could then who are you this is my nephew
Jamie oh hello
he is with me she me and la love law
firm rap groups come on Jamie
let's go stand you against the kids
shouldn't all see how much you've grown
I've never seen a line like that
well well well thank you actually it's
not a Elijah's what is it a co2 are go
very close copy ytterbium crystals where
did you study lasers on turret didn't
mean ah we did you to get that glow oh
yeah well it's it's kind of a secret
you excited with a single frequency
flash tube don't you I can't really tell
you Oh Jamie lunch time huh I understand
hey guys in dead meat had their secrets
to I'm sure they did
how you doing Jamie thought you said he
has somewhere hotness touted before yeah
when do we get to see it you this is it
I can't believe it
where's the manager Billy I'm really
sorry it's bad yo Jimmy do you take me
for a chump do you think we can sleep
performing this dumb fuck
besides where's the lights in action
according to what you promised this is
not even a fraction there's no
atmosphere and nothing to get us in the
mood I'm trying to explain while I'm
trying to be rude get us some light so
we could turn this out
you are the roadie so you know what I'm
talking about get it together I'm
getting mad and I'm not playing on beat
us - you - the job know what I'm saying
clear or go ask the play together no no
I got you you carry me all right
I wonder what that man is up to why
don't you just go over there and ask me
what well that's pretty obvious you got
a thing for him stop fighting it and I
thought your mother was stupid don't
take it personally it's not that it's
his group I warned him about the club
and big surprise it disappointed
I mean what did he want from me
competence I'm gonna get him some fancy
lighting gear this is a perfect
opportunity to test his intentions what
I've seen people carry a torch before
you finish that sentence and you're a
goner
well mrs. Schilling vodka lovely
surprised three times in one day don't
present I was wondering if you could do
my nephew a favor
certainly why it's like this the guys in
the band are impossible to please
they're whining about the conditions on
the club so I thought an impressive one
could help them up got anything hmm all
right how about an ultraviolet absorbs
an analyzer it sounds good laughs man
it's just a little sixties yeah
well how would you like continuous
spectrum titanium vapor lamp it's kinda
pretty mm-hmm never heard of it it's the
only one I can see why you got another
bulb well I've never been more bored in
my life I'll be at the house right what
about this little number
I'm saying it as soon as the Beatles
grew their beards their music began to
suffer
sorry I couldn't hear him it sounded
like you said something really stupid
look me in the eye and tell me you can
compare I'll follow the Sun with piggies
I don't remember piggies exactly it must
be a terrible burden knowing everything
about music you get used to it you feel
like helping me sure um you missing
deska Thanks
the photon beams been stolen come on
mrs. Schilling barking that weasely
nephew verse throw my photon beam who
tough break where can we pick up another
whoa they're clever those two pretend to
be good neighbors and the moment your
back is turn wasn't being the good
neighbor
your idea she didn't have to agree what
does this thing look like bah she's
about 45 and not that tall I think he
means the beam dr. J oh it it makes this
blue glow that's it it's also very
dangerous
Oh lighting for Jamie's rap group I have
no idea where it's going to begin to
people ok mr. music where the rap groups
playing tonight
be sure you even like this kind of music
I don't care I haven't seen it all the
steps you were so busy making friends
with dr. Janine tell them just fading
the way for you have you ever danced
wrong out of a moving car
Oh lighten up of course a great guy I
mean he lent me this serious life maybe
really has changed
Wow he's ready to kill it's my remote
control you've got a flat tire
nice going
guys
this way
great guys this way
I don't see Jamie he could be at the
Blue Note I thought you said there was
only one place listen I told you what
you wanted to hear now let's deal with
reality
great maybe Jamie's in the back maybe he
isn't
can I help you yeah yeah I'm from music
scene magazine and I was hoping for an
interview I'm 27 years old I've been
doing this now for about five years
yeah as exciting as that it is um I met
the band
excuse me you know it's kind of hard to
get that normally need to do that
kid I got better things to do it's
available you can leave the way you came
or you can be assisted by members of the
medical profession oh okay okay um I
don't need to go in there um I didn't
interview the band out here really for
you oh yeah good that I'll enjoy this
more
mrs. job goodbye if he doesn't go
through this as an aegis he's been
running all over town trying to find
some lighting gear that's gonna knock
him out let's never find out what the
mask made of this me okay this is a
bride you're hungry and I want to get in
the club what makes you think I'm hungry
let's face it you got a big engine to
run there pal
okay let's dress something is um I know
everybody what do you need name it I got
everything I need how about clothes that
fit
I was just close to letting me win
hi this is a place dr. J I heard some
guys talking about Jamie in the white
well let's get in there no problem
see anyone you know
I hope I didn't make me late that's
alright
this better be good so we happen to have
gone to a lot of trouble again
you see Dhamma is a good thing this
light is positively stupid please the
circus sir
this is my aunt what it is
find anything
yeah oh girl I was in the fourth grade
with and brittle no sign of the beam
superpowers and now I'm gonna be a mass
murderer dr. J you don't know what's
going to hurt people
remember it's totally don't predict them
all right I'm just gonna turning
everyone into superheroes
yeah root beer easy on the eyes okay put
your kid in here
you know thanks to you I just come in
with the normal thing but Gracie knows
I'm out here there some personality
there's too much basic what are you deaf
as well as annoying good I'm sure I
heard them talking about where's she me
say what
Jamie when does he get here many Jay
Manuel is over the power port
we're having a truce remember it's over
I know you'd never last
you'll be in a lot of trouble Jamie
I've done it again what it seems your
second exposure to the photon beam has
vastly increased your muscle fiber
density and contraction rate super safe
Andrew you have a tendency to get
carried away I don't want you to think
this makes you some kind of superhero
can you do this
Andrew we are having an important
discussion I would like to do it with
some dignity actually I want to thank
you it wasn't for you I never would have
recovered the beam before to harm
somebody well if you hadn't given me
these powers I wouldn't have been able
to help you that's true but I can't
believe this happened again I'm a menace
oh you're not and Andrew this power is
super-strength
but be very dangerous only two dishes if
you use this power if I use this
I just want to apologize for my nephew
he had no right to take your light and
you had nothing to do with it what kind
of person do you think I had one
question at a time it didn't help him
take it he told me you let him borrow it
I didn't
hey there are liars on my sister's side
of family I hope this won't affect our
truce so do I thank you for taking the
time to explain of course you know by
experimenting with that light outside
you were practically begging the poor
boy to take it Oh was i well he suddenly
young men well have you brought up in a
family where dishonesty was encouraged
are you insulting my sister no I figured
you spent more time with him check that
back make me I feel better
what see until then